Init Concepts page (#105)
LIT-Protocol/Vincent: packages/sdk/docs/Concepts.md

Reviewer: We should start with the Heading-1 instead of Heading-2 for top level headings like Vincent Tool, Policy, etc

---
category: Users
title: Concepts
---

> Vincent is a platform that enables Vincent Users to delegate both on and off-chain actions to Vincent Apps. Each Vincent App has a set of Vincent Tools that allow them to perform specific actions on behalf of their Vincent Users. Vincent App tool usage is also governed by Vincent Policies, which are user configured "guardrails" that ensure each Vincent App operates within the boundaries defined by each Vincent User.

Author: ```suggestion
Vincent is a platform that enables Vincent Users to delegate both on and off-chain actions to Vincent Apps. Each Vincent App has a set of Vincent Tools that allow them to perform specific actions on behalf of their Vincent Users. Vincent App tool usage is also governed by Vincent Policies, which are user-configured "guardrails" that ensure each Vincent App operates within the boundaries defined by each Vincent User.
```

| Vincent Tool                                                                     | A function that enables Vincent Apps to perform specific actions on behalf of Vincent App Users                                   | A tool that executes token swaps on Uniswap or manages stock portfolios through a broker API                               |
| Vincent Policy                                                                   | User-configured guardrails that control how Vincent Apps can use Vincent Tools                                                    | A daily spending limit of $1,000 or a requirement for 2FA on high-value transactions                                       |
| [Lit Actions](https://developer.litprotocol.com/sdk/serverless-signing/overview) | The underlying technology that powers both Vincent Tools and Policies, enabling on and off-chain interactions                     | The code that executes token swaps or enforces spending limits using blockchain and API data                               |

> | Policy Parameters                                                                | On-chain configurable values that define how a Vincent Policy behaves for a specific Vincent App and User                         | A daily spending limit amount or list of allowed tokens for a specific trading bot                                         |

Author: Not a huge deal, but maybe we put "Policy Parameters" directly beneath "Vincent Policy"?

**On-chain examples:**
- Execute automated DeFi strategies like yield farming or liquidity provision
- Manage NFT collections by buying, selling, or staking NFTs
- Perform cross-chain operations like bridging assets or executing cross-chain swaps
- Interact with DAOs by voting on proposals or executing governance actions

**Off-chain examples:**
- Integrate with traditional finance APIs to manage stock portfolios
- Connect with social media platforms to automate content posting and engagement
- Use weather APIs to trigger automated actions based on environmental conditions
- Interact with e-commerce platforms to manage inventory and process orders

Under the hood, Vincent Tools are created using [Lit Actions](https://developer.litprotocol.com/sdk/serverless-signing/overview). With the ability to natively interact with any on or off-chain data source (blockchains, social networks, TradFi, etc), Lit Actions are uniquely positioned to support the creation of tools for virtually any use case.

# Vincent Policy

> Vincent Policies give users full control over defining how their assets and data are used when they interact with a given Vincent App. Each Vincent Policy is assigned to specific Vincent Tool(s) and govern their usage. For example, when interacting with a Vincent App that involves crypto trading, a Policy would be used to specify things like spend limits or token allowlists / denylists. Policies can be thought of as user-defined "guardrails" that ensure each Vincent App operates within a given Vincent App User's defined boundaries.

Author: ```suggestion
Vincent Policies give users full control over defining how their assets and data are used when they interact with a given Vincent App. Each Vincent Policy is assigned to specific Vincent Tool(s) and governs their usage. For example, when interacting with a Vincent App that involves crypto trading, a Policy would be used to specify things like spend limits or token allowlists / denylists. Policies can be thought of as user-defined "guardrails" that ensure each Vincent App operates within a given Vincent App User's defined boundaries.
```

- Usage metrics:
  - Tool execution frequency (e.g. max 10 transactions per day)
  - Session duration limits (e.g. max 2 hours per session)
  - Concurrent operation limits (e.g. max 3 pending operations)

- Financial controls:
  - Spending amounts over time periods (e.g. daily spending limit of $1,000)
  - Token-specific limits (e.g. max 5 ERC20 tokens per transaction)
  - Portfolio allocation limits (e.g. max 20% of portfolio in any single token)

- Access controls:
  - Time-based restrictions (e.g. only during market hours)
  - Geographic limitations (e.g. restricted to specific regions)
  - Multi-factor authentication requirements (e.g. require 2FA for high-value transactions)

- Compliance and risk management:
  - Unusual transaction detection (e.g. flag transactions 3x larger than average)
  - Rate of change monitoring (e.g. alert on 50% portfolio value change in 24h)
  - KYC/AML verification requirements (e.g. require verified identity for transactions over $10,000)

## Policy Parameters

> Vincent Policies utilize parameters defined by the Vincent App User that are stored on-chain, verifiable by anyone. These parameters are specific to each Vincent Tool that a Vincent App executes on behalf of the Vincent App User. Prior to the execution of a Vincent Tool, the Policy parameters are fetched from on-chain and used during the evaluation of the Vincent Policy that govern Vincent tool usage. Only Vincent App Users have the ability to configure these parameters and they can be updated at any time.

Author: ```suggestion
Vincent Policies utilize parameters defined by the Vincent App User that are stored on-chain, verifiable by anyone. These parameters are specific to each Vincent Tool that a Vincent App executes on behalf of the Vincent App User. Prior to the execution of a Vincent Tool, the Policy parameters are fetched from on-chain and used during the evaluation of the Vincent Policy that governs Vincent tool usage. Only Vincent App Users have the ability to configure these parameters and they can be updated at any time.
```

An example Policy is a daily spend limit, assigned to a Vincent App that performs token transfers on behalf of it's App Users. Without the policy, the Vincent App would be able to spend tokens from it's delegated Vincent Users (using a Vincent Tool) without restriction. After enabling the Vincent spending limit policy, the Vincent App's usage of the token transfer Vincent Tool is now governed by the configured daily spending limit set by each of it's Vincent Users. Once the daily spending limit is reach for a specific Vincent User, the Vincent App would no longer be permitted to execute the token transfer Vincent Tool until the spending limit is reset the next day. This ensures that the Vincent App User's assets are protected and their spending is controlled.

# Vincent Agent Wallet

> Each Agent Wallet is a non-custodial account (powered via [Secure Multi-Party Computation (MPC)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_multi-party_computation)) that enables seamless interactions with any Vincent App. Each Agent Wallet is represented by a [Lit Programmable Key Pair (PKP)](https://developer.litprotocol.com/user-wallets/pkps/overview) and controlled by the Vincent User's desired authentication method. Currently, Vincent supports the following authentication methods during account creation:

Author: I don't think we need the first set of parentheses :thinking:  
```suggestion
Each Agent Wallet is a non-custodial account powered via [Secure Multi-Party Computation (MPC)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_multi-party_computation) that enables seamless interactions with any Vincent App. Each Agent Wallet is represented by a [Lit Programmable Key Pair (PKP)](https://developer.litprotocol.com/user-wallets/pkps/overview) and controlled by the Vincent User's desired authentication method. Currently, Vincent supports the following authentication methods during account creation:
```

For example, a Vincent App User might authorize a trading App's Version that includes a Vincent Tool that swaps tokens on a DEX, but they set a daily spending limit of 1 ETH. The Vincent App can execute the Vincent swap Tool, but only within the constraints of the Vincent App User's configured Policy parameters.

This authorization model ensures that Vincent App Users can safely delegate actions to Vincent Apps while maintaining control over their assets and the conditions under which those assets can be used.

# How these Concepts Tie Together

The lifecycle of a Vincent App follows these steps:

1. An App Manager creates a new App, specifying the App metadata, and the Tools and Policies that the first version of the App will use
2. A User navigates to the App's webapp and clicks a button that uses the Vincent SDK to redirect to the Vincent Consent page
3. The User authenticates with Vincent and either retrieves an existing Vincent Agent wallet or creates a new one

> 4. The User views the App Consent page, which displays the App metadata, the Tools and associated Policies that the App Version will use, and provides input fields for any Policy parameters configured for each Tool's Policy

Author: I think we should specify `Vincent` here, only because this section is the first one where the "Consent Page" is mentioned and saying both "Vincent Consent" and "App Consent" might confuse readers. Let me know what you think though

```suggestion
4. The User views the Vincent App's Consent page, which displays the App metadata, the Tools and associated Policies that the App Version will use, and provides input fields for any Policy parameters configured for each Tool's Policy
```

---
category: Users
title: Concepts
---

# Vincent Tool

> A Vincent Tool is an **immutable** serverless function that the User permits a Vincent App to perform specific actions on their behalf.

Reviewer 2: Simplified to:

```
Vincent Tools enable Vincent Apps to perform specific actions on behalf of Vincent App Users. These tools are the core functional units that Vincent Apps use to interact with blockchains, APIs, and other services while being governed by user-configured Vincent Policies.

Vincent Tools can read and write data to both on and off-chain sources, perform arbitrary computations, and sign blockchain transactions, allowing them to serve specific use cases, such as minting a reward token based on off-chain data, or they can serve general purposes, such as enabling ERC20 token swaps using the best price across multiple DEXs.
```

Vincent Tools can serve specific use cases, such as minting a reward token based on off-chain data, or they can serve general purposes, such as enabling ERC20 token swaps using the best price across multiple DEXs.

Vincent Tools leverage Lit Protocol's [Lit Actions](https://developer.litprotocol.com/sdk/serverless-signing/overview) to execute immutable and decentralized serverless functions that can read and write data to both on and off-chain sources, perform arbitrary computations, and sign blockchain transactions.

**On-chain example:** Uses AI to buy the hottest ERC20 token on Uniswap.
	
**Off-chain example:** Trade stocks with your broker API key.

# Vincent Policy

> A Vincent Policy also leverages Lit Actions to determine whether a given Vincent App can execute a Vincent Tool for a Vincent App User. These Policies serve as guardrails that Vincent App Users configure to ensure Vincent Apps can only perform actions within the Vincent App User's intended boundaries and set parameters.

Reviewer 3: let's simplify. 

> A Vincent Policy also leverages Lit Actions to determine whether a given Vincent App can execute a Vincent Tool for a Vincent App User. These Policies serve as guardrails that Vincent App Users configure to ensure Vincent Apps can only perform actions within the Vincent App User's intended boundaries and set parameters.

Consider:
"Vincent Policies give users full control over defining how their assets and data are used when they interact with a given Vincent App. Each policy is assigned to specific Tool(s) and govern their usage. For example, when interacting with a Vincent App that involves crypto trading, a Policy would be used to specify things like spend limits or token allowlists / denylists. Policies can be thought of as user-defined "guardrails" that ensure each App operates within a given user's boundaries."

> Similar to Vincent Tools, Vincent Policies can serve specific use cases, such as permitting a Vincent App to execute a Vincent Tool only when the Vincent App User holds a certain status in a Vincent App's off-chain database, or they can serve general purposes across multiple Vincent Apps, such as enforcing a daily spending limit from the Vincent App User's wallet.

Reviewer 3: > Similar to Vincent Tools, Vincent Policies can serve specific use cases, such as permitting a Vincent App to execute a Vincent Tool only when the Vincent App User holds a certain status in a Vincent App's off-chain database, or they can serve general purposes across multiple Vincent Apps, such as enforcing a daily spending limit from the Vincent App User's wallet.

I think we made this clear above, perhaps we can cut these additional details?

> Because Vincent Policies are powered by Lit Actions, they can use both on and off chain data to determine whether a Vincent Tool should execute. Vincent Policies can also write data to on and off chain sources to track state such as:

Reviewer 3: > Because Vincent Policies are powered by Lit Actions, they can use both on and off chain data to determine whether a Vincent Tool should execute. Vincent Policies can also write data to on and off chain sources to track state such as:

Consider:
"Just like Tools, Vincent Policies are also powered by Lit Actions under the hood. This makes them highly generalizable and well-suited to track on or off-chain state to record:"

Reviewer 2: Updated, also expanded the examples:

```
Just like Tools, Vincent Policies are also powered by Lit Actions under the hood. This makes them highly generalizable and well-suited to track on or off-chain state to record things like:

- Usage metrics:
  - Tool execution frequency (e.g. max 10 transactions per day)
  - Session duration limits (e.g. max 2 hours per session)
  - Concurrent operation limits (e.g. max 3 pending operations)

- Financial controls:
  - Spending amounts over time periods (e.g. daily spending limit of $1,000)
  - Token-specific limits (e.g. max 5 ERC20 tokens per transaction)
  - Portfolio allocation limits (e.g. max 20% of portfolio in any single token)

- Access controls:
  - Time-based restrictions (e.g. only during market hours)
  - Geographic limitations (e.g. restricted to specific regions)
  - Multi-factor authentication requirements (e.g. require 2FA for high-value transactions)

- Compliance and risk management:
  - Unusual transaction detection (e.g. flag transactions 3x larger than average)
  - Rate of change monitoring (e.g. alert on 50% portfolio value change in 24h)
  - KYC/AML verification requirements (e.g. require verified identity for transactions over $10,000)
```

- Vincent Tool execution frequency
- Spending amounts over time periods
- Any other relevant Vincent Policy data

## Policy Parameters

> Vincent Policies accept parameters that customize their behavior. These parameters are stored on-chain, set by Vincent App Users when they permit a Vincent App Version, and are retrieved during Vincent Policy execution to provide input for the Policy's logic. Vincent Policy parameters are configurable by the Vincent App User per Vincent App, cannot be altered by the Vincent App, and are able to be updated at any time by the Vincent App User.

Reviewer 3: > Vincent Policies accept parameters that customize their behavior. These parameters are stored on-chain, set by Vincent App Users when they permit a Vincent App Version, and are retrieved during Vincent Policy execution to provide input for the Policy's logic. Vincent Policy parameters are configurable by the Vincent App User per Vincent App, cannot be altered by the Vincent App, and are able to be updated at any time by the Vincent App User.

Consider:
"Vincent Policies accept specific "parameters" that customize their behavior. Each parameter is stored and verifiable on-chain, defined by individual users when interacting with a given Vincent App. Prior to a specific operation being executed within a given App (via Tools), these Policy parameters are fetched and verified. Only users have the ability to configure these parameters and they can be updated at any time."

Reviewer 2: Changed to:

```
Vincent Policies utilize parameters defined by the Vincent App User that are stored on-chain, verifiable by anyone. These parameters are specific to each Vincent Tool that a Vincent App executes on behalf of the Vincent App User. Prior to the execution of a Vincent Tool, the Policy parameters are fetched from on-chain and used during the evaluation of the Vincent Policy that govern Vincent tool usage. Only Vincent App Users have the ability to configure these parameters and they can be updated at any time.
```

> For example, a Vincent App User can set a daily spending limit when authorizing a Vincent App Version that would apply only to that specific Vincent App. When the Vincent App executes Vincent Tools that transfer funds from the User's Agent Wallet, the Policy tracks the total spent in an on-chain smart contract. Once the daily spending limit is reached, the Vincent Policy would prevent the Vincent App from executing any more Vincent Tools that transfer funds from the Vincent App User's Agent Wallet, until the next day.

Reviewer 3: Consider:

"An example Policy is a daily spend limit, assigned to a given Vincent App. Before the App would be able to spend tokens from a specific user's account (using a Vincent Tool), the Policy they defined would be verified (on-chain) and used to ensure that the limit hadn't been reached. Once it had, the Policy would prevent the Vincent App from executing any Tool that attempted to spend additional funds, until the limit had been reset the next day"

Reviewer 2: Updated to:

An example Policy is a daily spend limit, assigned to a Vincent App that performs token transfers on behalf of it's App Users. Without the policy, the Vincent App would be able to spend tokens from it's delegated Vincent Users (using a Vincent Tool) without restriction. After enabling the Vincent spending limit policy, the Vincent App's usage of the token transfer Vincent Tool is now governed by the configured daily spending limit set by each of it's Vincent Users. Once the daily spending limit is reach for a specific Vincent User, the Vincent App would no longer be permitted to execute the token transfer Vincent Tool until the spending limit is reset the next day. This ensures that the Vincent App User's assets are protected and their spending is controlled.

# Vincent Agent Wallet

> Vincent Agent Wallets are non-custodial wallets ([MPC](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_multi-party_computation)) that enable users to interact with Vincent Apps. These wallets leverage Lit Protocol's [Programmable Key Pairs (PKPs)](https://developer.litprotocol.com/user-wallets/pkps/overview) to provide wallets that are owned by a user's _authentication method_ which include many different methods supported by Lit Protocol, such as a one-time-password sent to an email address or phone number, a passkey saved on the User's device, a social account such as a Google, X, or Telegram, and [many more](https://developer.litprotocol.com/user-wallets/pkps/advanced-topics/auth-methods/overview#existing-supported-auth-methods).

Reviewer 3: Consider:

"Each Agent Wallet is a non-custodial account that enables seamless interactions with any Vincent App. Each Agent Wallet is represented by a Lit [Programmable Key Pair (PKP)](https://developer.litprotocol.com/user-wallets/pkps/overview) and controlled by a given user's desired _authentication method_. Currently, Vincent supports the following authentication methods during account creation:
- Email
- SMS
- Passkey

> The signing capability of Vincent Agent Wallets are what's delegated to Vincent Apps to allow them to execute Vincent Tools on behalf of a Vincent App User and perform on-chain actions. For example, a Vincent App that offers to trade ERC20 tokens based on some unique algorithm would add an ERC20 token swap Vincent Tool to a Vincent App Version. The Vincent App User would authorize the Vincent App Version, permitting the Vincent App to execute the ERC20 token swap Vincent Tool on behalf of the Vincent App User, restricted by whatever Vincent Policies the Vincent App User has set for the Tool.

Reviewer 3: Consider:
"When you interact with a given Vincent App, it will prompt you to delegate signing capabilities from your Agent Wallet to specific Tools. By delegating these signing capabilities, you enable the App to execute specific operations on your behalf without requiring your manual intervention. Once again, take a simple Vincent trading App as an example. The App would first prompt the user to permit its custom "Swap Tool" to use their Agent Wallet. This is where the user would be able to define their desired Policy parameters, such as a spend limit. Once the Tool(s) were permitted and any desired Policies were set, the Vincent App would have permission to use the user's Agent Wallet on their behalf according to the guardrails they set"

Reviewer 2: Changed to:

When you interact with a given Vincent App, it will prompt you to delegate signing capabilities from your Agent Wallet to specific Vincent Tools. By delegating these signing capabilities, you enable the Vincent App to execute specific operations on your behalf without requiring your manual intervention. For example, a Vincent trading App would first prompt the user to permit it's custom Vincent swap Tool to have signing capability using their Agent Wallet. The Vincent User would then be prompted to define their desired Policy parameters, such as a spend limit. Once the Vincent User permits the Tool, and any desired Policies were set, the Vincent App would have permission to sign transactions on behalf of the Vincent User according to the guardrails the User has set

> Because Vincent Agent Wallets are Lit Protocol PKPs, Vincent Apps can never directly access a Vincent App User's Agent Wallet. Instead, they can only execute Vincent Tools that the Vincent App User has explicitly authorized. Each Vincent Tool's code strictly defines what data can be signed, and Vincent Apps cannot modify this code or sign any data beyond the Vincent Tool's programmed scope. When a Vincent Tool needs to sign data, like a blockchain transaction, it must request the signature through the Lit network, which verifies the origin of the request came from the authorized Vincent Tool before generating the signature.

Reviewer 3: consider:

"Because Vincent Agent Wallets are PKPs, Vincent Apps can never directly access Agent Wallets directly. Instead, they can only execute the Vincent Tools that a given user has explicitly authorized. Each Vincent Tool's code strictly defines what data can be signed, and Vincent Apps cannot modify this code or sign any data beyond the Vincent Tool's programmed scope. When a Vincent Tool needs to sign data, like a blockchain transaction, it must request the signature through the Lit network, which verifies the origin of the request came from the authorized Vincent Tool before generating the signature. Any pre-defined Policies are verified prior to Tool execution"

> > **Note:** This security model enables Vincent's core innovation: Vincent App Users can safely delegate on-chain actions to Vincent Apps while maintaining complete control over their assets. Vincent Apps can execute authorized Vincent Tools on behalf of Vincent App Users, but they can never access private keys or sign data outside of what the Vincent Tool has been programmed to do.

Reviewer 3: Consider:

"Note: The secure and non-custodial delegation of any on or off-chain action is Vincent's core innovation. Users have the ability to delegate these operations to authorized 3rd parties (agents, apps) to execute on their behalf, while never giving up control of their assets and data. Vincent Apps can execute authorized Vincent Tools on behalf of a given user, but they can never access private keys or sign data outside of what the user has explicitly consented to."

Reviewer 2: Updated and also moved the note to the top of the doc

---
category: Users
title: Concepts
---

# Concepts

## Vincent Tool

> A Vincent Tool is an immutable serverless function that Vincent App Delegatees can execute to perform specific actions on behalf of a Vincent App User.

Reviewer: Delegatee is not a relevant concept for the User- too much detail also no mention of the user explicitly permitting the App

```suggestion
A Vincent Tool is an **immutable** serverless function that the User permits a Vincent App to perform specific actions on its behalf.
```

> Vincent Tools can serve specific use cases, such as minting a reward token based on off-chain data, or they can serve general purposes, such as enabling ERC20 token swaps using the best price across multiple DEXs.

Reviewer: Link to the Uniswap Tool page

```suggestion
Vincent Tools can serve specific use cases, such as minting a reward token based on off-chain data, or they can serve general purposes, such as enabling ERC20 token swaps using the best price across multiple DEXs (see Uniswap Tool).
```

Reviewer 3: Consider:

"With this in mind, tools are often scoped to execute very specific operations, such as performing a token swap. For an example, take a look at the [Uniswap tool]."

Reviewer 2: Addressed this [below](https://github.com/LIT-Protocol/Vincent/pull/105#discussion_r2143766337)

> Vincent Tools leverage Lit Protocol's [Lit Actions](https://developer.litprotocol.com/sdk/serverless-signing/overview) to execute immutable and decentralized serverless functions that can read and write data to both on and off chain sources, perform arbitrary computations, and sign blockchain transactions when a Vincent App User permits it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vincent Tools leverage Lit Protocol's [Lit Actions](https://developer.litprotocol.com/sdk/serverless-signing/overview) to execute immutable and decentralized serverless functions that can read and write data to both on and off-chain sources, perform arbitrary computations, and sign blockchain transactions.

**On-chain example:** Uses AI to buy the hottest ERC20 token on Uniswap

**Off-chain example:** Trade stocks with your broker API key
```

## Vincent Policy

> A Vincent Policy also leverages Lit Actions to determine whether a given Vincent App Delegatee can execute a Vincent Tool for a Vincent App User. These Policies serve as guardrails that Vincent App Users configure to ensure Vincent Apps can only perform actions within the Vincent App User's intended boundaries and set parameters.

Reviewer: We should not expose the App Delegatee info here as it's too much detail? Firstly this isn't relevant to the Users and secondly it's just an implementation detail that devs are gonna figure out when they set up an app. We should try using the single-responsibility principle for the docs sections?

> Similar to Vincent Tools, Vincent Policies can serve specific use cases, such as permitting a Vincent App Delegatee to execute a Vincent Tool only when the Vincent App User holds a certain status in a Vincent App's off-chain database, or they can serve general purposes across multiple Vincent Apps, such as enforcing a daily spending limit from the Vincent App User's wallet.

Reviewer: There are a bunch of other places where we should replace Delegatee

> Because Vincent Policies are powered by Lit Actions, they can use both on and off chain data to determine whether a Vincent Tool should execute. Vincent Policies can also write data to on and off chain sources to track state such as Vincent Tool execution frequency, spending amounts over time periods, or any other relevant Vincent Policy data.

Reviewer: We should use bullet points for these examples

### Policy Parameters

> Vincent Policies accept parameters that customize their behavior. These parameters are stored on-chain, set by Vincent App Users when they permit a Vincent App Version, and retrieved during Vincent Policy execution to provide input for the Policy's logic.

Reviewer: Mention about it being configurable by the user and can be updated by them anytime

For example, a Vincent App User can set a daily spending limit when authorizing a Vincent App Version that would apply only to that specific Vincent App. When Vincent App Delegatees execute Vincent Tools that transfer funds from the User's Agent Wallet, the Policy tracks the total spent in an on-chain smart contract. Once the daily spending limit is reached, the Vincent Policy would prevent the Vincent App Delegatees from executing any more Vincent Tools that transfer funds from the Vincent App User's Agent Wallet, until the next day.

## Vincent Agent Wallet

> Vincent Agent Wallets are non-custodial wallets that enable users to interact with Vincent Apps. These wallets leverage Lit Protocol's [Programmable Key Pairs (PKPs)](https://developer.litprotocol.com/user-wallets/pkps/overview) to provide wallets that are owned by a user's _authentication method_ which include many different methods supported by Lit Protocol, such as a one-time-password sent to an email address or phone number, a passkey saved on the User's device, a social account such as a Google, X, or Telegram, and [many more](https://developer.litprotocol.com/user-wallets/pkps/advanced-topics/auth-methods/overview#existing-supported-auth-methods).

Reviewer: Use "MPC"?

```suggestion
Vincent Agent Wallets are non-custodial (MPC) wallets that enable users to interact with Vincent Apps. These wallets leverage Lit Protocol's [Programmable Key Pairs (PKPs)](https://developer.litprotocol.com/user-wallets/pkps/overview) to provide wallets that are owned by a user's _authentication method_ which include many different methods supported by Lit Protocol, such as a one-time-password sent to an email address or phone number, a passkey saved on the User's device, a social account such as a Google, X, or Telegram, and [many more](https://developer.litprotocol.com/user-wallets/pkps/advanced-topics/auth-methods/overview#existing-supported-auth-methods).
```

> The signing capability of Vincent Agent Wallets are what's delegated to Vincent App Delegatees to allow them to execute Vincent Tools on behalf of a Vincent App User and perform on-chain actions. For example, a Vincent App that offers to trade ERC20 tokens based on some unique algorithm would add an ERC20 token swap Vincent Tool to a Vincent App Version. The Vincent App User would authorize the Vincent App Version, permitting the Vincent App Delegatees to execute the ERC20 token swap Vincent Tool on behalf of the Vincent App User, restricted by whatever Vincent Policies the Vincent App User has set for the Tool.

Reviewer: Removing Delegatee makes this way easier to understand

Because Vincent Agent Wallets are Lit Protocol PKPs, Vincent App Delegatees can never directly access a Vincent App User's Agent Wallet. Instead, they can only execute Vincent Tools that the Vincent App User has explicitly authorized. Each Vincent Tool's code strictly defines what data can be signed, and Vincent App Delegatees cannot modify this code or sign any data beyond the Vincent Tool's programmed scope. When a Vincent Tool needs to sign data, like a blockchain transaction, it must request the signature through the Lit network, which verifies the origin of the request came from the authorized Vincent Tool before generating the signature.

> This security model enables Vincent's core innovation: Vincent App Users can safely delegate on-chain actions to Vincent Apps while maintaining complete control over their assets. Vincent App Delegatees can execute authorized Vincent Tools on behalf of Vincent App Users, but they can never access private keys or sign data outside of what the Vincent Tool has been programmed to do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This security model enables Vincent's **core innovation**: Vincent App Users can safely delegate on-chain actions to Vincent Apps while maintaining complete control over their assets. Vincent App Delegatees can execute authorized Vincent Tools on behalf of Vincent App Users, but they can never access private keys or sign data outside of what the Vincent Tool has been programmed to do.
```
